Version 1 release (#132)
brainglobe/brainglobe.github.io: docs/source/documentation/index.md

# Documentation

## Installing BrainGlobe

We always recommend that you install BrainGlobe tools into a virtual environment (managed by software such as `conda` or `venv`).

> Your environment should run Python 3.9 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your environment should run Python 3.9 or 3.10.
```

Once you have created and activated your desired environment, you can install all BrainGlobe tools using `pip`:

```bash
pip install brainglobe
```

This will fetch all BrainGlobe tools, their Python APIs, and [`napari`](https://napari.org) plugins if they possess one.
It will also install `napari` into your environment so that you can make use of the plugins.

> If you also want to install our command-line tools and/or example workflows, you will also need to install the `brainglobe-workflows` package.

Reviewer: `brainreg` has a CLI that's not in workflows
```suggestion
If you also want to install our analysis workflows (such as `brainmapper`, previously the `cellfinder` CLI), you will also need to install the `brainglobe-workflows` package.
```

You can read about the workflows that are provided [on the documentation page](./brainglobe-workflows/index.md).
To install `brainglobe-workflows`, run

```bash
pip install brainglobe-workflows>=1.0.0
```

in your environment.
If you didn't previously install `brainglobe` into this environment, `brainglobe-workflows` will do so when you run the command above.
Otherwise, it will use the version of `brainglobe` that you already have installed.

### Updating

You can update your BrainGlobe tools by running

```bash
pip install brainglobe --update
```

in your virtual environment.

### Installing Individual Tools

We recommend installing BrainGlobe in the manner detailed above, however each of the tools in the suite can be individually installed if you so wish.
This can be done by following the install instructions for the particular tool in question.

Please note that, if you choose to install the tools individually, we cannot guarantee that you will have a consistent and interoperable set of BrainGlobe tools - you may encounter version conflicts or dependency issues.

> If you're not confident in resolving these yourself, we recommend installing BrainGlobe in the manner above; and updating your BrainGlobe tools by updating the overarching `brainglobe` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not confident in resolving these yourself, we recommend installing BrainGlobe in the manner above, and updating your BrainGlobe tools by updating the overarching `brainglobe` package.
```
